you you who watching this video
you are enough just as you are you are
not your social media profile
[Music]
i'm naomi shimada i'm a model and the
co-author of a book called mixed
feelings
exploring the emotional impact of our
digital habits
it's really hard to sometimes find the
balance of being
informed but overwhelmed of wanting to
be connected
but just feeling like you can't process
all the information that's coming at you
and
it just ends up really getting me down i
definitely have had to take some moments
off of it just to
be quiet and sit in my feelings and just
be
social media can help us feel connected
to each other when we can't be in the
same room
social media is also a great place to be
inspired
by maybe a fun craft or a new workout
whether it's painting
cooking a little indoor gym all these
things are also important in this time
so many of us have also experienced the
negative side to using so much social
media
absorbing so many images and videos on a
daily basis
can really have an effect on how we see
ourselves so much of what we see on
social media
is a projection of performance and
unrealistic
unrealistic bodies lifestyles homes
and all these things can really add up
and make us constantly feel like we're
not enough
it's really important just to decide
what's best for you
and just clock into how are you feeling
today sometimes
i find it helpful to take weekends off
social media
or specific days in the week it can also
be helpful to mute
if you don't want to unfollow people
that trigger you we can ask ourselves
why is this making me feel bad why does
this person make me feel a certain way
because sometimes it says so much more
about us
we can lose so much time on social media
so it's important we use them mindfully
otherwise we get
lost in the scroll and i know i'm not
the only one
for me personally social media has been
a great place
just to understand what's going on in my
neighborhood around me
to understand what is needed how can i
help i've been
setting up little food bank boxes and
shops in my neighborhood
i posted one online and
it inspired a bunch of other people to
do the same so they've been sending me
photos
and videos makes my heart feel so warm
[Music]
when you're all together and people
you're around feel like you're on the
phone the whole time but also being on
your phone
is helping you kind of escape and stay
connected to your friends
just trying to find the balance between
being present
and being online is really important
so i think think about what are the
things that you can do to contribute in
your household be mindful of how you're
using it around your family
your social media profile can highlight
fun things about you
or help you tell stories about the world
who you are but it is not more important
than you
not posting doesn't make you not exist